Overall review of SDK docs 4.0.0 - closes #760 (#761)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/node-management/api-access.adoc

<2> Controls the API's availability.
If disabled, no API access is possible.
<3> Contains API access options.
<4> If true, the API endpoints of the node are available to the public.

> <5> This parameter allows connections to the API by IP. The defaults are to only allow a local host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> This parameter allows connections to the API by IP. The default is to only allow a local host.
```
